truth be told I've never been a huge fan
of the iPad if I wanted something
convenient and portable I would simply
use the phone that's already in my
pocket and if I wanted to really get
something done and I wanted to carry
something this big around I would just
use my laptop but there's no denying
that these devices have been incredibly
popular over the years and now we've got
the best one ever this my friends is the
new iPad Pro I'm going to figure out how
to get out of the box at some point
featuring Apple's new M4 processor and
from everything that I've heard about it
so far it wow it really is thin isn't it
that is kind of wild of course the
thinness is not what caught my eye first
it's that
display guys we have run this thing
through the gamut of tests in the lab
and I don't know how to put this other
than to say it is on par if not better
than any display that we have ever
touched before that includes the
$20,000 reference display that we
checked out recently from Flanders
scientific kind of makes the pricing
seem downright reasonable doesn't it
we'll get to that but first let's talk
about what Apple has achieved here
starting with brightness looks unreal my
God the sweat
glisten
Holy balls I don't think I I've ever
seen anything as lifelike as this
through a screen we have seen dual panel
displays before in fact High senses uled
branding was originally used to describe
a dual LCD panel that stacked the two
panels together in order to achieve much
deeper blacks well Apple has kind of
turned that concept on its head with
dual oleds oleds already have great
blacks so what are they using dual
panels for to massively boost the peak
brightness what's really impressive here
is that Apple has managed to deliver an
OLED that does 1,000 knits of brightness
across the entire screen and not only
after half an hour does it not get
dimmer it actually managed to get
brighter as the pixels warmed up so you
are now getting across an entire white
display a th000 flipping knits meanwhile
though it offers a reference mode that
allows you to lock it in at 1,000 nits
with unparalleled accuracy I mean
Brandon have we seen a display that is
more accurate out of the box than this
thing in reference mode only the fs for
what 10 to 20 times the price though I
just don't know how to I don't know how
to
put I don't
think I don't think graphs can convey
the difference in the consumption of HDR
content with this device versus
something lesser it offers 10 to 120 HZ
very able refresh rate it's available
with their Nano texture which we're not
sure if it's the same as the pro display
xdr cuz we've got the not nano texture
one but in a nutshell if what you were
looking for was an iPad with one of the
best displays on the planet then this is
it if what you were looking for however
was just an iPad to hunt and pecket
emails with and to casually have off to
the side while you're cooking I don't
know if the value proposition is going
to be as strong here for funsies I
grabbed some old iPad we had kicking
around do you guys actually know exactly
which one this is iPad Pro 11 in the
that even mean Apple can someone look up
MTX Q2 vc/ a for me 2018 iPad Pro 11 in
perfect you couldn't have just put that
you know what it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter uh I mean I don't
know all right that's a little faster
don't know if it's uh world changing
right
so I guess what I'm trying to say is I
understand both of the major takes on
this product on the one hand very very
cool beautiful display unbelievable on
the other hand if all you need is an
iPad for like doing
iPad is it really that much thinner I
mean yeah but some of this thickness is
our skin from dbrand who happens to be
our sponsor
at least I hope it's from dbrand
apparently all I need to do is read this
I mean that seems simple enough got this
though enjoy your helium is this a
fanfiction I'm going to try and do this
in
one little lonus the pint-sized panderer
might rise with wide eyes to tackle
tricky tag tips swiftly stretching
Skyward from his undisguised child-sized
bedside beside a surprise suspicious
sponsor dbrand hands and commands his
squeaky freaky speech get squeakier and
freakier to cheekier commend their
profoundly precise products pre preface
with a Prelude to their prodigious
pranks deserve no thanks what even is
this s lin.com to buy some iPad
skins wow that makes my voice sound
downright low pitched coming back to the
iPad Pro though just because we didn't
see a huge Earth shattering difference
in day-to-day responsiveness though
doesn't mean that there isn't a big
difference in performance the M4 chip at
the heart of this thing came much
earlier than we were expecting and is
absolutely loaded for bear not only did
it manage GPU performance that's about
on par with a 5500 XT which admittedly
is a relatively low-end desktop graphics
card but is a desktop graphics card but
its CPU performance was a boat on par
with a 13th gen core i7 oh yeah and did
I mention that it managed 17 hours of
battery life in our endurance test
imagine how much battery life you could
get out of this thing if Apple made it
just a couple millimeters thicker and
one of their priorities is making sure
that the iPad never cannibalizes MacBook
sales no matter how close they make this
thing to a Macbook let's have a look at
some of the accessories oh starting with
the ones that came with it you get oh
wow look at that a charging brick Oh and
a usb2 cable wow
thanks Apple USB 2 cable I mean honestly
at this point I'm Stockholm syndrom
enough that I'm just thankful that the
USBC Port which thankfully it has is
Thunderbolt for compliance so you can
hook up all kinds of accessories and
docks you can hook it up to highspeed
storage and transfer your data off of it
that is pretty cool oh yeah while we're
here it's got four speakers two on each
side we've got our lock button over here
man how many microphones this thing got
I spotted one over there four
dang that's pretty cool oh while we're
here there's actually a downgrade we
lost the ultra wide camera but
thankfully we keep the liar scanner so
we can you know gather depth maps of our
environments let's have a look at the
accessories meet the magic keyboard
again it's mager than ever I suppose and
that is what these little Pogo pads are
for
seriously that's it that's how they make
sure that it's not too much like a
MacBook
that hinge could not possibly have
opened any more than that cuz then it
would have been a Macbook the fact that
you can buy an iPad with an M4 processor
you cannot buy a MacBook with an M4
processor and they still don't give you
the option to choose between iPad OS and
Mac OS on this thing absolutely you know
what I don't care because it doesn't
matter to me I'm not going to be daily
driving either of them but it should
matter to you the Apple faithful there
is no argument left for Apple for why
they shouldn't just allow you to use
whichever software you like ooh pencil
Pro now this has been a major source of
controversy I've seen a lot of the usual
arguments against Apple's
intergenerational incompatibility but in
this case I actually don't really agree
with them the compatibility list for the
new pencil Pro is extremely short it's
the new
iPads and that's it and I can understand
why people are upset about this I mean
clearly they are have bought into this
ecosystem and they want to be able to
continue to use their old iPad with the
new pencil and if Apple chose to make
this not compatible with the old ones
that was a design choice that Apple made
but they've added an awful lot of
functionality to this thing that
honestly kind of justifies that it's a
new generation of product designed to
work with new generations of products in
my mind unfortunately all of our artists
they're off today or work from home
which is really awkward are you going to
have one of them come in and actually
like draw okay cool hi I'm Maria I'm a
graphy designer here at
lmg and I love the iPad Pro I've been
using the iPad since 2016 I'm a huge fan
of it and actually I bought this new
iPad Pro M4 because I had an M1 and I
think it was really worth the upgrade
now especially as well because of the
new pencil Pro I use procreate like 100%
of the time oh I like like illustrating
and I love of like how smooth it is like
how easy it is to draw whatever I want
honestly okay yeah the hovering here
with the new pencil Pro I think it's
super cool it would be cool if you hover
over for example this menu here of the
brushes and you can squeeze and you
select the one that it's selected in a
way but I mean maybe they will upgrade
do an upgrade on that hopefully I love
this new feature with the top double top
I can change immediately to eraser so if
I need to erase something here it's
super super easy and then get go double
tap and continue my drawing for now in
procreate we don't have like the squeeze
feature with the menu coming out with
the brushes but I guess this is
something will come out eventually uh
for now there's other apps that support
that feature of the pencil but I mean I
work on this every single day I love
drawing like when I'm home even if I'm
like watching TV or something sometimes
I'll draw while I watch a show or
something it's so perfect how the pencil
takes exactly the pressure that I'm
applying to it so I think I finished my
artwork now I mean overall I love it
Apple you did a great job with this
device and the display is awesome like
the colors look super vibrant it's like
if I just Drew this in real life but
it's now digital and it's way easier and
faster I love it this is so stupid the
fact that I can't just like Fold It Down
180 like why do I have why do I have to
detach it why can't
I you broke it let's go back to the
keyboard for a second here that's
something that I actually am qualified
to evaluate now my ADD brain has a
really hard time with these kinds of
tests but I'm going to do my best at
it that's a darn good keyboard I've been
kind of into the low profile Keys lately
um and the TRU pad is apparently bigger
than last gen once you put the giant
thing on it though like is it really
that thin hold on let's go back to my
let's go back to my RTX 47d gaming
laptop now ah
I don't know man I uh but hey it's a
what is it like half a millimeter
thinner not everyone is going to put
this case on it a lot of people are just
going to use it as an iPad and if that's
the case then uh it's them and
apparently it's not even fragile Zach
from Jerry rever said that it held up
surprisingly well to his bend test this
way although went a little bit easier
than he expected this way I guess they
weren't ready for that oh what I'm ready
for is to check out the speakers
apparently they're flipping awesome
the device is almost too thin to contain
this amount of audio greatness have you
noticed how much it vibrates it's
like in your in your
[Music]
hands I mean the only reason I'm not
blown away is because I was expecting
them to be this good they're they're
great oh what about the camera though I
bet it sucks but honestly if you're
taking pictures with an pad you deserve
for your pictures to
suck okay that's pretty bad though that
is dog no that's that's really bad like
like iPhone 6 bad but you know what I
bet the front facing camera is decent
and is in a decent position now back to
my whole seriously Apple this isn't a
Macbook at this point they have moved
the front-facing camera to the side edge
now oh no the front- facing camera is
terrible too it really did cost you
something when you gave up that um that
thickness what else is there for us to
talk about comes in space black and
silver also known as black and silver uh
you can oh you can locate the pencil Pro
with the find my app actually find my
app freaking saved my wife's purse like
two weeks ago find my app ah yes the
elephant in the room the
price good Lord this thing starts at
,000 and that's for like standard glass
that's for no cellular that's for
256 gigs of store do you know how much
256 gigs of nand costs like nothing
these days and you get to pay another
$200 for another 256 gigs of storage no
wonder their customers are so flipping
pissed off at this point wow
it caps out at
$2300 and you know what's even more
remarkable it is somehow not the most
egregiously priced item in Apple's
lineup it's not even second Apple set
the bar extremely low Great Value good
job Apple compared at least to some of
your other stuff and truthfully you know
if I wanted this kind of display I kind
of do this is the only way to get it
nobody else is even close subscribe to
Short Circuit